sequential computed in 420890 usec 
mapreduce computed in 452471 usec 
mapreduce computed in 234895 usec 
mapreduce computed in 174322 usec 
mapreduce computed in 136452 usec 
mapreduce computed in 117654 usec 
mapreduce computed in 102908 usec 
mapreduce computed in 94779 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88265 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84321 usec 
mapreduce computed in 75445 usec 
mapreduce computed in 77550 usec 
mapreduce computed in 71612 usec 
mapreduce computed in 70937 usec 
mapreduce computed in 68010 usec 
mapreduce computed in 67825 usec 
mapreduce computed in 64048 usec 
mapreduce computed in 64397 usec 
mapreduce computed in 62574 usec 
mapreduce computed in 64191 usec 
mapreduce computed in 63791 usec 
mapreduce computed in 56656 usec 
mapreduce computed in 61151 usec 
mapreduce computed in 62975 usec 
mapreduce computed in 59812 usec 
mapreduce computed in 59654 usec 
mapreduce computed in 60640 usec 
mapreduce computed in 60114 usec 
mapreduce computed in 55920 usec 
mapreduce computed in 60400 usec 
mapreduce computed in 59696 usec 
mapreduce computed in 60442 usec 
mapreduce computed in 61013 usec 
mapreduce computed in 63016 usec 
mapreduce computed in 65302 usec 
mapreduce computed in 60897 usec 
mapreduce computed in 60888 usec 
mapreduce computed in 62683 usec 
mapreduce computed in 63149 usec 
mapreduce computed in 67563 usec 
mapreduce computed in 67333 usec 
mapreduce computed in 62798 usec 
mapreduce computed in 65664 usec 
mapreduce computed in 67755 usec 
mapreduce computed in 70872 usec 
mapreduce computed in 70703 usec 
mapreduce computed in 71426 usec 
mapreduce computed in 71927 usec 
mapreduce computed in 71819 usec 
mapreduce computed in 69437 usec 
mapreduce computed in 67920 usec 
mapreduce computed in 73085 usec 
mapreduce computed in 77022 usec 
mapreduce computed in 75072 usec 
mapreduce computed in 77224 usec 
mapreduce computed in 75712 usec 
mapreduce computed in 73750 usec 
mapreduce computed in 81915 usec 
mapreduce computed in 82150 usec 
mapreduce computed in 78785 usec 
mapreduce computed in 82206 usec 
mapreduce computed in 76193 usec 
mapreduce computed in 76697 usec 
mapreduce computed in 76893 usec 
mapreduce computed in 80405 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85105 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85563 usec 
mapreduce computed in 79011 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85247 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95713 usec 
mapreduce computed in 97610 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95875 usec 
mapreduce computed in 77877 usec 
mapreduce computed in 83336 usec 
mapreduce computed in 82253 usec 
mapreduce computed in 80526 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84772 usec 
mapreduce computed in 79118 usec 
mapreduce computed in 81815 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86832 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84789 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86180 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95832 usec 
mapreduce computed in 83450 usec 
mapreduce computed in 80561 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88585 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88564 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91314 usec 
mapreduce computed in 99531 usec 
mapreduce computed in 94411 usec 
mapreduce computed in 101302 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88738 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85665 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95414 usec 
mapreduce computed in 94539 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91346 usec 
mapreduce computed in 96501 usec 
mapreduce computed in 103647 usec 
mapreduce computed in 109478 usec 
mapreduce computed in 93834 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105841 usec 
mapreduce computed in 97028 usec 
mapreduce computed in 93276 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91724 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95907 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105601 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95397 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95491 usec 
mapreduce computed in 114103 usec 
mapreduce computed in 109848 usec 
mapreduce computed in 111966 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105501 usec 
mapreduce computed in 104099 usec 
mapreduce computed in 107738 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105394 usec 
mapreduce computed in 106590 usec 
mapreduce computed in 112729 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105694 usec 
mapreduce computed in 108774 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105323 usec 
mapreduce computed in 116441 usec 
mapreduce computed in 117379 usec 
mapreduce computed in 111301 usec 
mapreduce computed in 112986 usec 
mapreduce computed in 129319 usec 
mapreduce computed in 109598 usec 
mapreduce computed in 114422 usec 
mapreduce computed in 126097 usec 
mapreduce computed in 114213 usec 
