sequential computed in 421731 usec 
mapreduce computed in 449182 usec 
mapreduce computed in 255799 usec 
mapreduce computed in 167356 usec 
mapreduce computed in 140572 usec 
mapreduce computed in 118928 usec 
mapreduce computed in 107134 usec 
mapreduce computed in 99173 usec 
mapreduce computed in 103643 usec 
mapreduce computed in 97152 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91714 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91873 usec 
mapreduce computed in 90668 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84342 usec 
mapreduce computed in 80709 usec 
mapreduce computed in 81189 usec 
mapreduce computed in 81530 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84866 usec 
mapreduce computed in 76783 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86651 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85736 usec 
mapreduce computed in 80234 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86150 usec 
mapreduce computed in 89532 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88258 usec 
mapreduce computed in 82148 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84313 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86563 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85800 usec 
mapreduce computed in 78093 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88677 usec 
mapreduce computed in 82561 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88515 usec 
mapreduce computed in 72620 usec 
mapreduce computed in 93289 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86292 usec 
mapreduce computed in 89387 usec 
mapreduce computed in 76463 usec 
mapreduce computed in 77294 usec 
mapreduce computed in 90393 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85212 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84020 usec 
mapreduce computed in 86193 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91874 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88042 usec 
mapreduce computed in 78478 usec 
mapreduce computed in 98306 usec 
mapreduce computed in 90786 usec 
mapreduce computed in 93407 usec 
mapreduce computed in 84003 usec 
mapreduce computed in 89974 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88500 usec 
mapreduce computed in 87000 usec 
mapreduce computed in 74919 usec 
mapreduce computed in 100068 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88194 usec 
mapreduce computed in 83477 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95262 usec 
mapreduce computed in 90204 usec 
mapreduce computed in 92239 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85734 usec 
mapreduce computed in 93098 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95606 usec 
mapreduce computed in 81381 usec 
mapreduce computed in 82359 usec 
mapreduce computed in 98255 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85395 usec 
mapreduce computed in 89190 usec 
mapreduce computed in 92666 usec 
mapreduce computed in 93806 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105415 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88175 usec 
mapreduce computed in 80511 usec 
mapreduce computed in 103425 usec 
mapreduce computed in 95059 usec 
mapreduce computed in 108472 usec 
mapreduce computed in 90765 usec 
mapreduce computed in 94487 usec 
mapreduce computed in 91378 usec 
mapreduce computed in 90718 usec 
mapreduce computed in 100298 usec 
mapreduce computed in 101870 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105923 usec 
mapreduce computed in 100880 usec 
mapreduce computed in 96849 usec 
mapreduce computed in 85105 usec 
mapreduce computed in 99889 usec 
mapreduce computed in 104614 usec 
mapreduce computed in 104904 usec 
mapreduce computed in 88972 usec 
mapreduce computed in 115529 usec 
mapreduce computed in 97715 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105214 usec 
mapreduce computed in 103255 usec 
mapreduce computed in 110173 usec 
mapreduce computed in 98840 usec 
mapreduce computed in 110975 usec 
mapreduce computed in 105847 usec 
mapreduce computed in 114097 usec 
mapreduce computed in 116024 usec 
mapreduce computed in 119959 usec 
mapreduce computed in 128801 usec 
mapreduce computed in 106615 usec 
mapreduce computed in 97606 usec 
mapreduce computed in 135208 usec 
mapreduce computed in 111290 usec 
mapreduce computed in 124338 usec 
mapreduce computed in 121340 usec 
mapreduce computed in 101074 usec 
mapreduce computed in 129263 usec 
mapreduce computed in 128990 usec 
mapreduce computed in 131721 usec 
mapreduce computed in 128945 usec 
mapreduce computed in 135810 usec 
mapreduce computed in 123695 usec 
mapreduce computed in 145921 usec 
mapreduce computed in 134358 usec 
mapreduce computed in 128393 usec 
mapreduce computed in 152799 usec 
mapreduce computed in 124455 usec 
mapreduce computed in 139971 usec 
mapreduce computed in 114973 usec 
mapreduce computed in 135135 usec 
mapreduce computed in 132321 usec 
mapreduce computed in 127317 usec 
mapreduce computed in 151822 usec 
mapreduce computed in 142124 usec 
mapreduce computed in 128093 usec 
mapreduce computed in 152533 usec 
